Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#148)
pyg-team/pytorch-frame: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to PyTorch Frame

If you are interested in contributing to PyTorch Frame, your contributions will likely fall into one of the following two categories:

1. You want to implement a new feature:
   - In general, we accept any features as long as they fit the scope of this package. If you are unsure about this or need help on the design/implementation of your feature, post about it in an issue.
2. You want to fix a bug:
   - Feel free to send a Pull Request (PR) any time you encounter a bug. Please provide a clear and concise description of what the bug was. If you are unsure about if this is a bug at all or how to fix, post about it in an issue.

Once you finish implementing a feature or bug-fix, please send a PR to https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch-frame.

Your PR will be merged after one or more rounds of reviews by the [pyg-team](https://github.com/pyg-team).

## Developing PyTorch Frame

To develop PyTorch Frame on your machine, here are some tips:

> 1. Ensure that you are running on one of the two latest PyTorch releases (*e.g.*, `2.0.0`):

Reviewer: 2.1.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that you are running on one of the supported PyTorch versions (*e.g.*, `2.1.0`):
```

   ```python
   import torch
   print(torch.__version__)
   ```

2. Uninstall all existing PyTorch Frame installations.
   It is advised to run this command repeatedly to confirm that installations across all locations are properly removed.

   ```bash
   pip uninstall pytorch_frame
   ```

> 3. Clone a copy of PyTorch Frame from source:
> 
>    ```bash
>    git clone https://github.com/pyg-team/pytorch-frame.git
>    cd pytorch-frame
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Fork and clone the PyTorch Frame repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your_username>/pytorch-frame.git
   cd pytorch-frame
   ```
```
